---
tags: daily
---
[[Summer list of to-do's]]

#  2022-02-18
X
1100 
Deber should, axillary Verb.
tags: spanish, verb, axillary Verb, should, deber
X

X
1101
"An auxiliary verb is a verb that adds functional or grammatical meaning to the clause in which it occurs, so as to express tense, aspect, modality, voice, emphasis, etc. Auxiliary verbs usually accompany an infinitive verb or a participle" [@Wikipedia]. 
tags: verb, grammar, definition, auxillery-verb
X

X
1145
I've always enjoyed working with data. I distinctly remember the excitement I felt, and the comfort, when I started working within the Excel environment, cleaning, organising and plotting data. Experimenting with different methods of organising intermediate calculations, and how to structure the sheet into what you could call a dashboard, and producing a final product from that. #thoughts 
tags: thoughts, career, data, excel
X

X
1200
A work flow to digest my daily notes that takes the tags I place and puts them in the front matter, can detect and use a title line. 

Tags are written at the end of the paragraph, title line in the line above. Could even use signifier characters to signify the end of the intended note content. Title line would immediately follow the signifier character ending the previous note content. 

Finally, I would need a review stage where I can check every created note to verify, or undo, and go backwards. Also, the original note would contain links to the newly created notes. 

To preserve chronological metadata, I need a button to insert current date and time below the title line, then use that time for yaml cdt metadata in the new note. 

Content signifier character
Title
Datetime
Content
Tag
End content signifier
X

X
1245
Capacocha sacrificed the rulers kids to maintain alliances and empire morale. Most healthy, beautiful children. Sacrifice genes for rulership. 
Source:  museo de alta montaña. 
tags: history, inca, sacrifice, humanity, thoughts, argentina
X

X
1310
How do you turn your above mentioned work flow idea into a publishable project? 
tags: idea, thought, work flow, projects
X

X
1409
Tiktok Spanish learning zachjaq
tags: spanish, learning, tikok
X

X
1436
Buena idea 
tags: spanish, phrase, good-idea
X

X
1440
Camellos camels 
tag : spanish, animal, noun, camel
X

X
1440
Concepción, significados 
tag : spanish, noun, concept, significance
X

X
Hasta ahora, until now
tags: spanish, time, now, phrase
X

X
1538
Started waiting for the teleferico at 1530
X

X
1811
When taking posing for a photo, pull the shoulders well back. 
tags: photography
X

X
1827
Pediste, asked for
Tsg: spanish, past-tense, verb
X

X
Venir 

X

Las mozas vienan las bebidas a nuestra mesa. 

X
1840
I feel a slump in the afternoon until tea and cake arrive. Perhaps the wait to climb the mountain was tiresome. 

X
2305
Alcanza, enough

X


---
[[weeklyPlanner-Template]]