---
title: 
aliases: []
type:
tags:
  - daily
cdt: 2022-10-04T10:49:41
mdt: 2024-07-23T10:14:19
---

[[Summer list of to-do's]]

# 2022-02-04

## EOD

## What Did I Do Today?

I drove Mayra to the airport, 2hrs all up.

I played AoE4 and beat the french for the first time. I started playin the mongol campaign again but gave up after another snooze difficulty jump w/o warning.

I booted up Dark Souls Remastered and started playing through it. Coincidentally it is also a difficulty jump w.o warning and corner ambush game. Ha. Noticed for the first time how similar the Undead Berg and Lorderon Ramparts are.

More importantly I zetteled pretty much all of my Python notes. They are structured python-module-topic-action pretty much, with as many relevant tags as possible. It will be curious to see whether it works better for referencing during coding sessions. I will need to triage in my downtime, at least hardlinking related notes together.

I read one review paper [@popirda2021](zotero://select/items/@popirda2021), focusing on phenol compounds, and skimmed [@salvatore2013](zotero://select/items/@salvatore2013). I will need to study chemometrics if I do decide to continue down this route.

I made a plan for prepping for Argentina found here [[000-planning_checklist]], with tasks to begin tomorrow.

I.. "chatted" with Mayra's family in the Whatsapp group, and realised how ill-prepared I am to communicate with them. But I can't do anything about it. Mayra has not provided me with the incentive to become fluent in Spanish, and it is hard erto prioritise at the best of times. I need to acknowledge that my semester has begun, and that it takes precedence over learning Spanish. I'll just be a bit of a mute throughout the trip.

Apart from the above, I cleaned during my pomodoro breaks. I downloaded a new app called Focus To-Do which has an integrated pomodoro timer and task manager.. looks really cool, I'll have to investigate more.

Finally, I am about to begin taking matplotlib notes, I am writing the EOD early to make sure it gets done, as im not sure how much energy ill have throughout the rest of the evening.

## What is Left Undone?

I still have not completed the data analysis I am desperate to do, nor have I learnt how dataview works. I will put matplotlib here too because I'm unsure of how my efforts tonight will go. Those are the most pressing matters on my mind.

## What Did I Learn Today?

I learnt that I really don't know enough Spanish to be fluent. Accept it. It is what it is.

I learnt that I don't know enough about chemometry or polyphenols to analyse wine. It became apparent that leading this project by myself would be very difficult. But I have to accept that responsibility, and push on.

The most profound lesson today was how to structure notes from a source. My natural tendency is to make a note with the soruce as the title, and retain the sources' structure as much as possible, to retain context. But that traps the information, and on review I am unfamiliar with the structure anyway, which usually loses its context during my annotation. Better to make a list of atomic notes citing the source, then separating them into their individual concepts. Through tagging with the source, or simply citing in the text, I can gather them all together later if. I wanted to, or retain context anyway. That is the true essence of the slip-box, you end up naturally accumulating connected ideas into piles which can then be absorbed at my leisure. The ideas need to be freed from the source. If not, I'm not writing anything new, just quoting.

## What Would I like to Do, or Have Done?

I would like to have spent some time studying spanish, and matplotlib.

I should look into strategies for writing reading notes in my own words.

## Any Reflections

I think its in the What did I learn today section, but I should reiterate how useful the Focus To-Do app was. Pomodoro timers really work for me.

Annotation is coming a lot easier to me now i have a zettelkasten system, I can feel confident that once i take the note, with a little bit of processing, I can have citable material at hand for whatever purpose I might need.

Anyway, on to matplotlib.

---

[[weeklyPlanner-Template]]
