---
tags:
  - spanish
---

subject indicating words like me or te come before the verb, as in "Me llamo Duo".

If the sentence has an infinitive verb you can attach the subject word to the end of the verb instead:

- "Ella se quiere quedar en Nueva York" = "Ella quiere quedarse en Nueva York"
- "Was a decirme tu nombre?" = "Me Was a decir tu nombre?"

# Por

You can use por to talk about how long something lasts:  
"Usualmente estudio por cinco horas."

# ¿Que Viene O Próximo?

Que viene, próximo both mean "next", but Que viene goes after the noun, próximo goes before it:

- "¿Puedes trabajar el lunes que viene?"
- "Ellos van a ir a España el próximo mes."

Note: proximo changes according to the subject and plurality of the noun.

---

# Notes from the Lesson

- [[quedarase|quedarse]]
- [[todo el mundo|todo el mundo]]
- [[volver|volver]]
- [[llegar 1|llegar]]
- [[sobre]]
- [[conocer 1|conocer]]
- [[venir|venir]]
- [[gustaría|gustaría]]
- [[cambiar 1|cambiar]]
- [[planes|planes]]
- "Cuándo vienen tus padres de México" = When are your parents coming from Mexico. Verb, Subject, location.
- "Te voy a decir algo" = I am going to tell you something.
- [[pensar|pensar]]
- Pienso que = I think that..
- Vamos is the present plural personal conjugation of ir.
- [[junto|juntos= together]]
- Where are we going first? = A dondé vamos primero
- Señor, ¿qué planes tiene para el mes que viene? = Sir, what plans do you have for the month coming? (next month).
---

Spanish hours are feminine because the subject noun is "hora", which is omitted from the sentence but kept in the pronouns. Except apparently when counting the days of the month, the gender of the days number is used. Dia is masculine as well..
