---
tags: daily
---
[[Summer list of to-do's]]

#  2022-01-22

Saturday.

I've got a lot going on that we havent really documented very well. For peace of mind, I'll lay it out below.

In 1.5 weeks we're flying to Argentina. 

This means that all secondary focuses are dropped immediately - I.e. furniture, car etc. They will be moved into an inactive list on todo now.

- I need to apply for the isolation payment for the last week of December. 
- I need to apply for austudy so I get some money. 
- I need to be enroled into RD2.

In terms of priorities, Spanish study is low. I need to make sure I am prepared for uni, or I wont get the scholarship. 

The biggest priority at the moment is completing the graphical abstract. Digital image editing is not my forte, so editing has taken a while. Another concern is avoiding copyright, and the third, and most difficult at the moment, is data manipulation. 

detailed here: [[20220119-graphical-abstract-coffee]] the graphic will consist of pods -> HPLC instrument -> spreadsheet -> chromatograms. The chromatogram will consist of several stacked curves of different colours, slightly different, say a few different peaks, wider peaks etc. 

That is sufficient for a first draft. 

Following the graphical abstract I will need to double check everything for Argentina. Off the top of my head I need:

- masks.
- eyemask.
- dbl check testing criteria.
- shorts.
- first aid kit.
- food for the flight.
- vaccine certificates.
- money pack.
- burner phone.
- burner wallet.

That's all for now. Following this sentence I will reorganise my Argentina notes into something useful. 1 Note per topic would be best. 


---
20220122

Mac to do's:
- install conda, or another python distro, and jyp notebook,.
- get espanso or another text expander working. 
- learn how to navigate text. 
- learn how to move files easily using filepaths. 

---
20220122

Need to study gqqq


---
[[weeklyPlanner-Template]]